# System-Analysis-and-Design
CS-255-T5587 System Analysis and Design 22EW5
Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The client was DriverPass and their goal was to provide students with access to a web based application that provided driving information and the ability to schedule driving training sessions, based on the packages their customers chose to purchase.
What did you do particularly well?
My business requirements document was very thorough as was my UML Case Diagram.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
When I created the UML Class Diagram we were told that including the methods for the various classes was optional, however having some prior experience with Class Diagrams and having found them very helpful when making an initial stubbing pass when beginning to write code, I think the Class Diagram I included would be of greater value if I went back to it and included the methods associated with the various classes.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
As part of the Business Requirements Document, I made an effort to record what the User Interface would require based on the information that had been gleened from the interview documentation.  That information was kept in mine during the remainder of the design process.  However well a system meets the clients specification, if it does not fulfill the users needs and does not do so in a manner that is not frustrating to the user, nobody is going to use it and that will have a direct and large impact on the products marketability.
How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
Start with speaking with whoever the customer for the software will be, though sometimes this is someone at my company who has directly spoken with the client, get a list of what functionality and requirements they have and be sure to ask questions for clarification.  Keep good notes about what those are.  Move from that to something similar to a UML Case diagram, although in my experience this often is done in a less formal manner.  This is often time a good spot for other members of a team to come in if the coding the system is going to be broken up between multiple developers to get their input .  This course has driven home how handy the sequencing diagrams can be for specific activities the system will perform to get better insight into the steps involved in the process.  From there I've had great success in the pass with UML Class diagrams (and have started from UML Class Diagrams when much of the design process has been done prior to my coming onboard).  Once a good UML Class Diagram exists it is eary to make a first stubbing pass on the code that will be needed based on the information in that diagram, followed by fleshing out the various functions as part of implementing the design.
